---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# FAQ

## What is HotStaq?
HotStaq is a frontend and backend web framework designed to simplify the development process for developers and small teams. It seamlessly integrates with Docker and Kubernetes, enabling you to build, test, and deploy applications with ease, efficiency, and security.

## Is this a replacement for React or Angular?
No. It can execute React or Angular applications. Additionally it can run along them as well.

## Does this work with older web browsers prior to 2015?
It varies from browser to browser and how your application is made. If the browser supports ES6 and async/await it can typically execute HotStaq applications.

## How is this similar to PHP and Django?
Both HotStaq and PHP are preprocessors, they parse and execute code to generate content. Biggest difference is PHP and Django process content on the server side, while HotStaq processes content on the client side easing up on the server's load. HotStaq is capable of processing content on the server-side, but this is not recommended for to performance and security considerations.

## How difficult is it to port from PHP or Django to HotStaq?
Relatively speaking, it's pretty easy! I had to do that for one particular project, and it went pretty smoothly.

## What are the main features of HotStaq?
HotStaq offers a client-side HTML preprocessor for frontend development, automatic HTTP API documentation generation, embedded test cases for secure and maintainable backends, and seamless integration with Docker and Kubernetes for easy deployment.

## How does HotStaq simplify the development process?
HotStaq reduces the complexity of managing diverse tech stacks by providing a streamlined, component-based architecture for frontend development, and fostering a strong testing culture with embedded test cases for backend development.

## How does HotStaq help with application security?
HotStaq encourages the development of secure applications by promoting a strong testing culture, embedding test cases within the code, and prioritizing security throughout the application lifecycle.

## How does HotStaq integrate with Docker and Kubernetes?
HotStaq makes it easy for developers to generate Dockerfiles during development, allowing for seamless deployment of applications to Kubernetes or Docker Swarm.

## What is the advantage of HotStaq's autogenerated HTTP API documentation?
The autogenerated HTTP API documentation produces OpenAPI 3.0.0 yaml or json files for backends, which reduces development overhead and ensures consistency and accuracy in API documentation.

## Is HotStaq suitable for startups or small development teams?
Yes, HotStaq is designed specifically for startups and small development teams. It offers a comprehensive suite of features to streamline development, maintain security, and ease deployment, making it a one-stop solution for small teams.

## Does HotStaq support any specific programming languages or frameworks?
HotStaq's frontend is designed to work with a variety of programming languages and frameworks, making it a versatile choice for developers. The backend does require Node.JS.

## How can I get started with HotStaq?
See [Getting Started](getting-started.md)